What about Uncle?
Many thanks.
Nothing, thanks to you.
First I would love that you explain
to the Power MBAs, that you tell us
a little about why we are here,
how you started, what you studied,
a little about your own and the
company's history.
I am here thanks to you and above
all thanks to Podemia, who has
been the real opportunity I
have had in my life after so
many opportunities.
I started in Investment Banking,
which was what I call the Mili,
the Mili because you really shape
around finance, the economy, how
you run a company.
And then Jimena appeared in my life
and suddenly her father, who is a sculptor,
teaches her to make jewelry and
starts selling jewelry to his friends.
You can start with a hobby,
as many have started, right?
And suddenly he goes out of his hands
and I was in the banking making comparison
of companies says to me, hear Jaime,
is that I don't know very well
how to go.
We then did an analysis of the sector.
We saw that the sector in Spain
was going pretty badly, but that
at the global level it grew to very
high figures, around 40%, and that
there was a possibility of starting
to introduce our product
to the market.
This is 2012.
And well, after this analysis and the
entrepreneurial spirit that is necessary
to be able to start a company,
he decided to leave the company
in which he worked.
The hills alone.
Well look, it's that the Investment
Banking is very tough, but then it's
very good because you learn a lot.
It's a day of 16 hours, of 20 hours,
some nights without sleep, right?
I think it prepares you more.
The mili you said, which I
like the term, prepares you more
to learn to work.
That is, to learn to work more
than the knowledge you will
apply then you in...
Because it is such a different world.
Buying and making companies.
I always tell people that it's true
I've learned a lot about finance,
but that's what you can learn
in the Power MBA, but what I really
learned is yes, that's why.
Compliance with deadlines.
That's the hardest thing to learn
in a work environment where you're
not being pressed.
And in addition, to make it clear to the
Power MBAs, there is no environment
of more pressure than the one we are
talking about.
Basically, she is super competitive,
ambitious, very trained, working from
sun to sun, with some wild bonuses.
There is no environment with
more pressure.
Well, I do not know one.
Strategic consultation could
be there.
I would consult.
And right around Mercantil too,
which is the ones that take us the
mergers, the mergers of our
sector, but everything that is
within investment banking
is an environment of much pressure.
So, are you founding the company?
We founded the company...
No, well, I decided to leave
the job and then we do a study
of where we want to go, how
we want to go and where
we want to get.
After leaving it.
Then, well, we did it before
and then how we would call
it, that it was after we
left it.
And well, in September 2012 he
left the job, in January 2013 we
formed the society and started
to walk.
How do we start?
Like any real entrepreneur,
no hard in the pocket.
Then we have some savings, we
have 3,000 euros, our parents
leave us another 10,000 and
then with that we build
our value proposal.
But as we don't have money to
do shops or anything, we address
a multi-brand customer
who at that time was more and
we go to pop-ups and we go to
international fairs in Paris
and London.
We have our first 70 customers
worldwide, we sell in Europe, we
sell in Japan, we sell in the
United States, we sell in
Russia, 50% are Spanish customers
and we can sell the collections
in advance, with that
we produced the collection and
then delivered them
and with that we earned money.
And 100% of the profits were reinvested
in winning.
All this on a first floor of 5 square
meters, because we could not
afford anything else, where they
came to see the collections and at
the fairs.
So, in October 2013, suddenly we
say, hear, instead of being on
the first floor and only coming
multi-brand stores, why
not put ourselves on the
street floor?
Maybe someone is cutting us, right?
The final customer.
As we saw, when we sold online,
people went up to the first floor.
We said, we will put it on the street floor
and we will open the first store that
is on the Almirante street in October.
The internet has started from the beginning.
We are born into the digital
world.
Well, for our age, that's what we've
lived, right?
And those who come foot strong, let'
s, my friends' children know how
to mark YouTube with 3 years.
So it was obvious that you
could target your customers worldwide,
and you also have no boundaries
through a website, right?
And we opened the first store with
a very clear vocation to be international
and a value proposal very far from
the jewelry world, despite the
fact that we sell jewelry,
right?
The store makes a profitable first
month and we bite it in three months.
And from there, we built a business
model for three years because
we only set ourselves as a
goal the first year, that we
fulfill goals at a 30% above
and that's why we decided to
keep going.
We made a series of capital expansions
to gain speed and today
we have 12 stores.
Who did you do those extensions with?
You or...?
Business Angels only.
The Business Angels?
We wanted to do it because we didn't
want to get friends or family.
We just wanted, not an investor, a
professional shareholder who doesn't
care to lose the money because
we're talking about real
economy.
The real economy is much more complicated,
right?
Now it is very fashionable online ballooning,
it is a bit a casino, you get
one in ten.
The real economy is not going so fast.
But the risk is less, right?
I think yes.
Above all, we recommend it to people
who are trying to create super-innovative
products and creating a
market that doesn't exist.
It makes more sense to only
use professionals, Business
Angels, who know they are
basically assuming that they
will pay for money.
Well, that they can diversify
on different investments
X money, without having
to be pressing you to...
It's my life in that, right?
Then it's people who have the opportunity
to be able to invest in different
things and help you.
So we were looking for this person,
but not just for money,
but because we called
Smart Money.
They are people who could also
advise you to take the next steps.
We once did some round
where we limited people's
ticket.
That is, with close people, with
friends who want to invest, but you
can't invest more than 5,000, for
example.
So that you don't feel too much pressure.
Because this is too high, so we don't
want you to lose your money.
and exact.
It goes a little with that philosophy,
but around a more professional investor.
And well, thanks to that we were
also able to invest in certain
things like store opening, product
increase, in the quality of the
jewelry we offer and in
the end consumer experience,
which for us is the most
important.
And Jaime, to finish this introduction,
what are your plans when you
see yourself in 5 years?
Or in three?
3 is too many, right?
We want to double every
year.
I would like to do it in the
next five.
That's what we've done in the last three
years.
Then it is an ambitious
proposal, because folding every year
is difficult, but we don't want
the ball of a growth to
be measured, to suddenly
climb the crust at the time, because
then, if you don't have a
good foundation, the ammon cake
is just as big.